development_service_contract.md, before:

# Service Contract for Development and Design

## Definitions

**Developer**:
Name of Individual issuing this contract.

**Client**:
Name of Company or individual entering into this contract with the Developer.

**Services**:
Any task or series of tasks done by the Developer on request from the Client,
or as part of fulfilling a request from the Client.

**Product**:
Any code, images, markup, scripts, content created by the Developer while
performing Services.

**Intangibles**:
Knowledge about solutions to problems, methods, or designs.

## Terms

1. **Rate**:
Services shall be billed to the Client at the rate of $__ USD per hour.

2. **Payment**:
The Client shall send payment to the Developer within 30 days of receiving
an invoice.
	
	1. **Late Payment**:
	If a payment is more than 7 days late, no Services will be performed for the
	Client until payment is received.

3. **Billable Time**:
All time spent performing Services and communicating with the Client is
billable.

	1. **Estimations**:
	If an estimate is requested by the Client, the first 30 minutes of time spent
	preparing the estimate will not be billable.  Time spent on an estimate beyond
	30 minutes will be billable at the normal rate.

4. **Copyright**:
Copyright of all Products created while performing Services for the Client will
be transferred to the Client upon receipt of payment in full, except in the
cases described below.

5. **Copyright Exceptions**
	1. The Developer reserves the right to reuse and re-license portions of the
created Product as desired.
	2. Any portions of the Product who's copyright is withheld by the developer
are licensed to the Client for use in the Product under the MIT license:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
	3. The Client will only be billed for portions of the Product which were
created during the effective period of this contract and created while
performing Services for the Client.

6. **Intangible Property**:
The Developer retains ownership of all Intangibles gained by the Developer
(that are not previously owned by the Client) while providing Services.

7. **Termination**:
Either party must give at least 14 days notice to the other party before
termination.  This contract may only be terminated after all outstanding
invoices have been paid in full.

8. **Changes**:
Either party may request to modify the terms of this contract at any time.
When both parties consent to new terms and a new contract is signed, this
contract is terminated immediately.

Commit message:

Clarified term 5.a. about reusing and relicensing portions of the Product

development_service_contract.md, after:

# Service Contract for Development and Design

## Definitions

**Developer**:
Name of Individual issuing this contract.

**Client**:
Name of Company or individual entering into this contract with the Developer.

**Services**:
Any task or series of tasks done by the Developer on request from the Client,
or as part of fulfilling a request from the Client.

**Product**:
Any code, images, markup, scripts, content created by the Developer while
performing Services.

**Intangibles**:
Knowledge about solutions to problems, methods, or designs.

## Terms

1. **Rate**:
Services shall be billed to the Client at the rate of $__ USD per hour.

2. **Payment**:
The Client shall send payment to the Developer within 30 days of receiving
an invoice.
	
	1. **Late Payment**:
	If a payment is more than 7 days late, no Services will be performed for the
	Client until payment is received.

3. **Billable Time**:
All time spent performing Services and communicating with the Client is
billable.

	1. **Estimations**:
	If an estimate is requested by the Client, the first 30 minutes of time spent
	preparing the estimate will not be billable.  Time spent on an estimate beyond
	30 minutes will be billable at the normal rate.

4. **Copyright**:
Copyright of all Products created while performing Services for the Client will
be transferred to the Client upon receipt of payment in full, except in the
cases described below.

5. **Copyright Exceptions**
	1. The Developer reserves the right to reuse and re-license portions of the
created Product as desired, as long as the portions are general solutions
to common problems and are not specific to the Clients product.
	2. Any portions of the Product who's copyright is withheld by the developer
are licensed to the Client for use in the Product under the MIT license:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
	3. The Client will only be billed for portions of the Product which were
created during the effective period of this contract and created while
performing Services for the Client.

6. **Intangible Property**:
The Developer retains ownership of all Intangibles gained by the Developer
(that are not previously owned by the Client) while providing Services.

7. **Termination**:
Either party must give at least 14 days notice to the other party before
termination.  This contract may only be terminated after all outstanding
invoices have been paid in full.

8. **Changes**:
Either party may request to modify the terms of this contract at any time.
When both parties consent to new terms and a new contract is signed, this
contract is terminated immediately.
